ProcessTracker

This project contains a command line tool for capturing process Samples on the machine executing it. The bulk of this program is defined in TrackerCore (https://github.com/ComaWell/TrackerCore); this project only contains a Main class.

The program optionally accepts two arguments: a sample interval (a non-zero, positive integer specifying the minimum time in seconds between each sample gathering), and the number of samples to gather (a non-zero, positive integer specifying the number of samples to run, or a negative integer to run continuously). If you run the program with 1 or 0 arguments, the program will first ask for these values to be entered before executing. The program will then run a Get-Counter process in the background, gathering samples at the supplied interval. If a sample count was supplied, it will gather until it has reached that amount, or if running continuously, it will gather until the user enters 'stop' into the terminal. Once complete, it will process the raw output of the command into separate SampleSets, each corresponding to a single process, and will save each SampleSet as separate CSV files in a single directory. These output files can then later be used as inputs for ProcessModeler (https://github.com/ComaWell/ProcessModeler).

There are several limitations with this method of gathering Samples. The most impactful is that Samples will only be gathered on processes that exist at the time the Get-Counter command is executed- any processes that are created afterwards will not be tracked. Additionally, for any process that ends while Samples are being gathered, the command will automatically return 0 for all of its counters. For these reasons, it may be preferred to end and restart the program regularly when gathering Samples over longer intervals.
